Create v2.0.2.md (#1673)
RedisLabs/redislabs-docs: content/ri/release-notes/v2.0.2.md

  - Support for TLS connection
  - Works with Microsoft Azure (official support upcoming)
- Workbench:
  - Advanced command-line interface that lets you run commands against your Redis server 
  - Workbench editor allows comments, multi-line formatting and multi-command execution
  - Intelligent Redis command auto-complete with support for [RediSearch](https://oss.redis.com/redisearch/), [RedisJSON](https://oss.redis.com/redisjson/), [RedisGraph](https://oss.redis.com/redisgraph/), [RedisTimeSeries](https://oss.redis.com/redistimeseries/), [RedisAI](https://oss.redis.com/redisai/)
  - Allows rendering custom data visualization per Redis command using externally developed plugins
- Browser:
  - Browse, filter and visualize key-value Redis data structures
    - Visual cues per data type
    - Quick view of size and ttl in the main browser view
    - Ability to filter by pattern and/or data type
    - Ability to change the number of keys to scan through during filtering
  - CRUD support for Lists, Hashes, Strings, Sets, Sorted Sets
    - Search within the data structure (except for Strings)
  - CRUD support for [RedisJSON](https://oss.redis.com/redisjson/)

> - Database Overview:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Database overview:
```

  - A number of metrics always on display within the database workspace
    - Metrics updated every 5 second
    - CPU, number of keys, commands/sec, network input, network output, total memory, number of connected clients 
  - Enabled modules per Redis server listed
- CLI:
  - Command-line interface with enhanced type-ahead command help
  - Embedded command helper where you can filter and search for Redis commands
- RediSearch:
  - Tabular visualizations within Workbench of [RediSearch](https://oss.redis.com/redisearch/) index queries and aggregations (support for FT.INFO, FT.SEARCH and FT.AGGREGATE)

> - Custom Plugins:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Custom plugins:
```

  - Ability to build your own visualization plugins to be rendered within Workbench
  - [Documentation](https://github.com/redisinsight/redisinsight) on how to develop custom plugins and a reference example are provided

> - Built-in Guides:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Built-in guides:
```

  - Built-in click-through guides for Redis capabilities
  - Added a guide on Document Capabilities within Redis

> - UI:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- User interface (UI):
```

>   - Light/Dark theme

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Light/dark themes available 
```

>   - Colour palette adjusted to the highest level of [Web Content Accessibility Guidelines](https://www.w3.org/WAI/standards-guidelines/wcag/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Colour palette adjusted to the highest level of [Web content accessibility guidelines](https://www.w3.org/WAI/standards-guidelines/wcag/)
```

- Data encryption:

>   - Sensitive data such as connection certificates and passwords can optionally be encrypted 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Optional ability to encrypt sensitive data such as connection certificates and passwords
```
